thus says the Lord heaven is my throne
and earth is my footstool where is the
house that you will build me and where
is the place of my rest for all those
things my hand has made and all those
things exist but on this one will I look
on him who is poor and of a contrite
spirit and who trembles at my word
he who kills a ball is as if he slays a
man he who sacrifices a lamb as if he
breaks a dog's neck
he who offers a grain offering as if he
offers swine's blood he who burns
incense as if he blesses an idol just as
they have chosen their own ways and
their soul delights in their
abominations so will I choose their din
oceans and bring their fears on
because when I called no one answered
when I spoke they did not hear but they
did evil before my eyes and chose that
in which I do not delight hear the word
of the Lord you who tremble at his word
your brethren who hated you who cast you
out for my name's sake said let the Lord
be glorified that we may see your joy
but they shall be ashamed the sound of
noise from the city a voice from the
temple the voice of the Lord who fully
repays his enemies before she was in
labor she gave birth before her pain
came she delivered a male child who has
heard such a thing who has seen such
things shall the earth be made to give
birth in one day or shall a nation be
born at once for as soon as Zion was in
labor she gave birth to her children
shall I bring to the time of birth and
not cause delivery says the Lord shall I
who cause delivery shut up the womb says
your God rejoice with Jerusalem and be
glad with her all you who love her
rejoice for joy with her all you who
mourn for her that you may feed and be
satisfied with the consolation of her
bosom that you may drink deeply and be
delighted with the abundance of her
glory for thus says the Lord
behold I would extend peace to her like
a river and the glory of the Gentiles
like a flowing stream then you shall
feed on her sides shall you be carried
and be dandled on her knees as one whom
his mother comforts so I will come for
you
and you shall be comforted
in Jerusalem when you see this your
heart shall rejoice and your bones shall
flourish like grass the hand of the Lord
shall be known to his servants and his
indignation to his enemies for behold
the Lord will come with fire and with
his chariots like a whirlwind to render
his anger with fury and his rebuke with
flames of fire for by fire and by his
sword the Lord will judge all flesh and
the slain of the Lord shall be many
those who sanctify themselves and purify
themselves to go to the gardens after an
idle in the midst eating swine's flesh
and the abomination and the mouse shall
be consumed together says the Lord for I
know their works and their thoughts it
shall be that I will gather all nations
and tongues and they shall come and see
my glory I will set a sign among them
and those among them who escape I will
send to the nation's to Tarshish and
pull and Lud who draw the bow and tubal
and Javan to the coastlands afar off who
have not heard my
fame nor seen my glory and they shall
declare my glory among the Gentiles then
they shall bring all your brethren for
an offering to the Lord out of all
nations on horses and in chariots and in
litters on mules and on camels to my
holy mountain Jerusalem as the children
of Israel bring an offering in a clean
vessel into the house of the Lord and I
will also take some of them for priests
and Levites for as the new heavens and
the new earth which I will make shall
remain before me so shall your
descendants and your name remain and it
shall come to pass that from one new
moon to another and from one Sabbath to
another all flesh shall come to worship
before me and they shall go forth and
look upon the corpses of the men who
have transgressed against me for their
worm does not die and their fire is not
quenched they shall be an abhorrence to
all flesh
[Music]